1. We become defensive when criticised, and apply negative stereotypes to others to boost our own esteem.
2. Devoted concertgoers who reply that recordings are no substitute for live performance are missing the point.
3. Ants keep predatory insects away for where their aphids feed; Gmail keeps spammers out of our inboxes.
4. At the same time, people continue treat fire as an event that needs to be wholly controlled and unleashed only ==out of necessity==.
5. As boards scrutinize succession plans ==in response to== shareholder pressure, executives who don't get the nod also may wish to move on.
6. Everyone needs find their extra--their unique value contribution that makes them ==stand out== in whatever is their field of employment.
7. It is also the reason why when we try to describe music with words, all we can do is articulate our reactions to it, and not grasp music itself.
8. However, the use of artificial grass must comply legal and policy safeguards ==in place to== protect biodiversity and ensure sustainable drainage, while measures such as strengthened biodiversity duty should serve encourage public authorities to consider sustainable alternatives.
9. A moralist, satirist and social reformer, Dikens crafted complex plots and strinking characters that capture the panorama of English society.
10. Half a century of town and country planning has enabled it to retain an enviable rural coherence, while still permitting low-density urban living.
11. Integrity had collapsed, she argued, because of a collective acceptance that the only "sorting machanism" in society should be profit and the market.
12. We need them to imagine the United States as a place where they can be productive ==for a while== without commtting themselves to staying forever.
13. The issue of vuluntary part-time relates to Obamacare because one of the main purposes was to allow people to get insurance outside of employment.
14. Firms are now studying how genes interact, looking for correlations that might be used to determine the causes of disease or predict a drug's efficacy.
15. Dead markets partly reflect the paralysis of banks which will not sell assets ==for fear of== booking losses, yet are relactant to buy all those supposed bargains. 
16. He adds humbly that perhaps he was "superior to the ==common run of men== in noticing things which easily escape attention, and in observing them carefully".
17. The weather in Texas may have cooled since the recent extreme heat, but the temperature will be high at the State Board of Enducation meeting in Austin this mouth as offcials debate how climate change is taught in Texas schools.
18. Buy gifts or giving to charity is often pleasurable than purchasing things for oneself, and luxuries are most  enjoyable when they are cosumed sparingly.
19. These benefators have successed in their chosen fields, they say, and they want to use their wealth to draw attetion to those who have successed in science.
20. Perhaps faintly, they hint that people should look to intangible qualities like character and intellect rather than dieting their way to size zero or wasp-waist physiques.
21. The Navy Department moved into the east wing in 1879, where elaborate wall and ceiling stenciling and marquetry floors decorated the office of Srcretary.
22. The researchers mapped not only the city's vast and ornate ceremonial areas, but also hundreds of simplier apartment complexes where common people lived.
23. The threat of nationalisation may have been ==seen off== for now, but it will return with a vengeance if the jusified anger of passangers is not addressed in short order.
24. Out mental health donsen't really go anywhere; like the sun behind a cloud, it can be temporarily hidden form view, but it is fully ==capable of== being restored in an instant.
25. No boy who went to a grammar shcool could be ignorant that the drama was a form literature which gave glory to Greece and Roma and might yet bring honor to England.
26. The most loyal customers would still get the product they favor, the idea goes, and they'd feel like they were helping sustain the quality of something they believe in.
27. But policymakers who refocus efforts on improving well-being rather than simply worrying about GDP figures could avoid the forecasted doom and may even see progress.
28. Indeed, there is someting a little absurd in the state getting involved in the planning of such as a fundamentally "grassroots" concept as community sports associations.
29. While few craftsman or farmers, ==let alone== dependents and survants, left literary composotions to be analyzed, it is obvious that their views were less fully intellectualize.
30. While comment and reaction from layers may enhance stories, it is perferable for journalists to ==rely on== their own notions of significance and make their own judgments.
31. Social media allows users to experience news events more intimately and immediately, while also permitting them to re-share news as a projection of their values and intriests.
32. According to research from Princeton University, people assess your competence, trustworthiness, and likeability in just a tenth of a second, solely based on the way you look.
33. Some ==attributed== virtually every important cultural achievement ==to== the inventions of a few, especially gifted peoples that, according to diffusionists, then spread to other cultures.
34. The upside is the posibilities contained in knowing that everything is up to us; where before we were experts in the array of limitations, now we become authorities of what is possible.
35. If people in the network just two degrees ==removed== from the initial influential prove resistant, for example, the cascade of change won't propagate very far or affect many people.
36. In workplace that's fundamentally indifferent to your life and it's meaning, office speak can help you ==figure out== how you relate your work--and how your work defines who you are.
37. Conversations are links, which means when you have a conversation with a new person a link gets ==formed== and every conversation you have after that moment will stregthen the link. 
38. Researchers measured people's cortisol, which is a stress maker, while they were at work and they were at home and found it higher at what is supposed to be a place of refuge.
39. While Washington and Jeffrson privately expressed distaste for slavery, they also unsterstood that it was part of political and economic bedrock of the country they helped to create.
40. When younger kids learn computer science, they learn that it's not just a confusing, endless string of letters and numbers--but a tool to build apps, or create artwork, or test hypotheses.
41. The Industrial Revolution didn't go so well for Luddites whose jobs were displaced by mechanized looms, but it eventually raised living standards and created more jobs than it destroyed.
42. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent ==filings==, intially by emerging internet companies trying to ==stake out== exclusive rights to specific types of onine transactions.
43. Even though there is plenty of evidence that the quality of the teachers is the most important varible, teacher's unions have fought against getting rid of bad ones and promoting good ones.
44. Yet most ancestry testing only considers a single lineage, either the Y chromosome inherited through men in father's line or mitochondrial DNA, which is passed down only from mothers.
45. Moreover, even though humans have been upright for millions of years, our feet and back continue to struggle with bipedal posture and  cannot easily withstand repeated strain imposed by oversize limb.
46. While the researchers assumed  that the well-structured daily plans would be most effective when it came to the execution of tasks, they were wrong: the detailed daily plans demotivated the students. 
47. While fossil fuels--coal, oil, gas--still generate roughly 85 percent of the world's energy supply, it's clearer than ever that the future belongs to renewable sources such as wind and solar.
48. Only if the jobless arrive at the jobcentre with a CV (Curriculum Vitae), register for online job search, and start looking for work will they be eligible for benefit--and they should report weekly rather than fortnightly.
49. It is not that pink intrisically bad, but it is such a tiny slice of the rainbow and, though it may celebrate girlhood in one way, it also repeatedly and firmly fuses girl's identity to apperance.
50. Here, Darwinism seems to offer jusitification, for if all humans share common origins, it seems reasonable to suppose that cultural diversity could also be traced to more constrained beginnings.
51. If you are working on a word processor, you can ==take advantage of== it's capacity to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a few simple keyboard commands.
52. This success, coupled with later research showing that memory itself is not genetically determined, led Ericsson to conclude that the act of memorizing is more of a cognitive exercise than an intuitive one.
53. That's because Congress has always envisioned joint federal-state immigration enforcement and explicitly encourages state officers to share information and cooperate with federal colleagues.
54. Ministers should also look at creating greater certainly in the ==rental== enviroment, which would have a significant impact on the ability of registered providers to fund new devolopments form revenues.
55. Such hijacked media are the opposite of earned media: an asset or compaign becomes hostage to consumers, other stakeholds, or activists who make negative allegations about a brand or product.
56. The policy follows ==similar== ==efforts== from other journals, after ==widespread== concern that basic mistakes in data analysis are contributing to the irreproducibility of many published research findings.
57. They should exhibit strong interest and respect for whatever currently interests their fledgling adult (as naive or ill conceived as it may seem) while becoming a partner in exploring options for the future.
58. In other words, at a time when working class has ==turnd== the country ==on its== political ==head==, frustrated that the opportunity that once defined America is vanishing, one obvious solution is staring us in the face.
59. Brain researchers have discovered that when we consciously develop new habits, we create parallel synaptic paths, and even entirely new brain cells, that can jump our trains of thought onto new, innovative tracks.
60. This type of integrity requires well-enforced laws in government transparency, such as records of offcial meetings, rules on lobbying, and information about each elected lead's source of wealth.
61. In the past couple of weeks a quarrel has illustrated the value to advertisers of such ==fine-grained== information: Should advertisers assume that people happy to be tracked and sent behavioural ads?
62. Last year, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) found in a secret check that undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons--both fake and real--past airport security nearly every time they tired.
63. California has asked the justices to refrain from a sweeping ruling, particularly one that upsets the old assumptions that authorities may search through the possessions of suspects at the time of their arrest.
64. Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant's sweater descended over the years from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless found her garment.
65. But if the ==district== essentially giving a pass to sutdents who do not do their homework because of complicated family lives, it is going riskily close to the implication that standards need to be lowered for poor children.
66. The findings of a research institution have consistentily shown that wokers in all countries can be trained on the job to ==achieve== radically higher productivity and, as a result, ==radically== higher standards of living.
67. Their analysis ==ruled out== the possibility that it was firm's political influence, rather than their CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) stand, that accounted for the ==leniency==: Companies that contributed more to political campaigns did not receive lower ==finds==.
68. The potential evolution of today's technology, and its social consequences, is ==dazzlingly== complicated, and it's perhaps best left to science fiction writers and futurologists to explore the many posibilities we can envisage.
69. The company, a major energy supplier in New England, provoked justified outrage in Vermont last week when it anounced it was ==reneging== on a ==longstanding== commitment to abide by the strict nuclear regulations.
70. Of all the changes that  have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century, perhaps the most ==far-reaching== has been the ==inexorable== decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts ==coverage==.
71. Infants are ==wired== to look at parent's faces to try to understand their world, and if those faces are blank and unresponsive--as they often are when absorbed in a device--it can be extremely disconcerting for their children.
72. Scientists have found that although we are prone to snap overreactions, if we take a moment and think about how we are likely to react, we can reduce or even eliminate the negative effects of our quick, hard-wired responses.
73. Futher arrangements--and there may be many--between the NHS and DeepMind will be carefully scrutinized to ensure that all necessery permissions have been asked of patients and all unnecessery data has been cleaned.
74. Studies of both animals and humans have shown that sex hormones somehow affect the stress response, causing females under stress to produce more of the trigger chemicals than do males under the same condintions.
75. "Carry a book with you at all the times" can actually work, too--==providing== you ==dip in== ofen enough, so that reading becomes the default state from wihich you temporarily surface to take care of business, before dropping back down.
76. Today, widesperead social pressure to immediately go to college in conjunction with increasingly high exceptations in a fast-moving world often causes students to completely overlook the possibility of taking a gap year.
77. It could be that we are evolving two commuities of social scientists: one that is discipline-oriented and publishing in highly specialized journals, and one that is problem-oriented and publishing elsewhere, such as policy briefs.
78. Steelworkers, airline employees, and now those in the auto industry are joining millions of families who must worry about intriest rates, stock market fluctuation, and the harsh reality that they may outlive their retirement money.
79. After all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in Europe as well as the US are evading the ==meritocratic== hiring and promotion of women to top position--no matter how much "soft pressure" is put upon them.
80. His analysis should therefore end any self-contentedness among those who may believe that the global position of English is so stable that the young generation of the United Kingdom do not need additional language capabilities.
81. The most drastic, and ==thoroughly== illegal, reaction has been the emergence of Sci-Hub, a kind of global photocopier for scientific papers, set up in 2012, which now claims to offer access to every paywalled article published since 2015.
82. There is pressure for change from within the profession, but opponents of change among the regulators insist that keeping outsiders out of a law firm isolates layers from the pressure to make money rather than serve clients ethically.
83. The force of geographic conditions peculiar to America, the interplay of the varied national groups upon one another, and the sheer difficulty of maintaining old-world ways in a raw, new continent caused significant changes.
84. Yet, when one looks at the photographs of the garden created by homeless, it strikes one that, for all their diversity of styles, these gardens speak of various other fundamental ==urges==, beyond that of decoration and creative expression.
85. Under the plan, for example, the agency said it would not prosecute landowners or businesses that unintentionally kill, harm, or disturb the bird, as long as they had signed a range-wide management plan to resotre prairie chicken habitat.
86. In his article "How Intelligent Is Intellgence Testing?", Sternberg notes that traditional tests best assess analytical and verbal skills but fail to measure creativity and practical knowledge, components also critical to problem solving and life success.
87. At a time when Thomas Piketty and other economists are warning of rising inequality and the increasing power of inherited wealth, it is bizarre that wealthy arist        ocratic families should still be the symbolic heart of modern democratic states.
88. Calls to disassemble all telescopes on Mauna Kea or to ban future development there ignore the reality that astronomy and Hawaiian culture both seek to answer  big questions about who we are, where we come from and where we are going.
89. Humans are unique in their capacity to not only make tools but then turn around and use them to create superfluous material goods--painting  s, sculpture and architecture--and superfluous experiences--music, literature, religion and philosophy.
90. As a discovery claim works its way through the community, the interaction and confrontation between shared and competing beliefs about the science and the technology involved transforms an individual's discovery claim into the community's credible discovery.
91. But in her new book "Join The Club", Tina Rosenberg contends that peer pressure can also be a positive force through what she calls the social cure, in which organizations and officials use the power of group dynamics to help individuals improve their lives and possibly the world.
92. Fundamentally, the USPS is in a historic squeeze between technological change that has permanently decreased demand for its bread-and-butter product, first class mail, and a regulatory structure that denies management the flexibility to adjust its operations to the new reality.
93. Unhappy parents rarely are provoked to wonder if they shouldn't have had kids, but unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children are the single most important thing in the world: obviously their misery must be a direct result of the gaping baby-size hole in their lives.
94. As the latest crop of students pen their undergraduate application form and weigh up their options, it may be worth considering just how the point, purpose and value of a degree has changed and what Generation Z need to consider as they start the third stage of their educational journey.
95. These eggs, which are making their debut now on shelves for as much as $8 a dozen, are still labeled organic and animal-friendly, but they're also from birds that live on farms using regenerative agriculture--special thchniques to cultivate rich soils that can trap green-house gases.
96. But it has already sparked significant controversy, with the United States trade representative opening an investigation into whether the tax discriminates against American companies, which in turn could lead to trade sanctions against Frence.
97. Precisely because readers from different historical periods, places and social experiences produce different but overlapping readings of the same words on the page--including for texts that engage with fundamental human concerns--debates about texts can play an important role in social discussion of beliefs and values.
98. At Tulane University's Tear Analysis Laboratory, Dr Peter Kastl and his colleagues report that they can use tears to detect drug abuse and exporsure to medication, to determine whether a ==contact lens== fits properly or why it may be unconfortable, to study the causes of "dry eye" syndrome and the effects of eye surgery, and perhaps even to measure exposure to enviromental pllutants.